“In the beginning when God created the heavens and the earth,” (Gen 1:1)
“God said to Moses, ‘I AM WHO I AM.’* He said further, ‘Thus you shall say to the Israelites, “I AM has sent me to you.” ’” (Ex 3:14)
“The LORD said to Moses in Midian, ‘Go back to Egypt; for all those who were seeking your life are dead.’” (Ex 4:19)
“God also spoke to Moses and said to him: ‘I am the LORD.’” (Ex 6:2)
“So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and a stone, striking down the Philistine and killing him; there was no sword in David’s hand. 51Then David ran and stood over the Philistine; he grasped his sword, drew it out of its sheath, and killed him; then he cut off his head with it.” (1 Sam 17:50) 
“So God created humankind in his image, in the image of God he created them; male and female he created them.” (Gen 1:27)
“Once Joseph had a dream, and when he told it to his brothers, they hated him even more.” (Gen 37:5)
“I have set my bow in the clouds, and it shall be a sign of the covenant between me and the earth.” (Gen 9:13)
“He said, ‘Take your son, your only son Isaac, whom you love, and go to the land of Moriah, and offer him there as a burnt-offering on one of the mountains that I shall show you.’” (Gen 22:2)
“Abraham took the wood of the burnt-offering and laid it on his son Isaac, and he himself carried the fire and the knife. So the two of them walked on together.” (Gen 22:6)
“David was the youngest; the three eldest followed Saul,” (1 Sam 17:14)
“But David went back and forth from Saul to feed his father’s sheep at Bethlehem.” (1 Sam 17:15)
“But the LORD provided a large fish to swallow up Jonah” (Jon 1:17)
“Then Jonah prayed to the LORD his God from the belly of the fish,” (Jon 2:1)
“The Israelites set out, and camped in the plains of Moab across the Jordan from Jericho.” (Num 22:1)
“Then Moses stretched out his hand over the sea. The LORD drove the sea back by a strong east wind all night, and turned the sea into dry land; and the waters were divided.” (Ex 14:21)
“And the angel of the LORD said to her, ‘Now you have conceived and shall bear a son; you shall call him Ishmael, for the LORD has given heed to your affliction.” (Gen 16:11)
“Now this is what you shall offer on the altar: two lambs a year old regularly each day.” (Ex 29:38)
“Now there was a famine in the land. So Abram went down to Egypt to reside there as an alien, for the famine was severe in the land.” (Gen 12:10)
“Simon the Cananaean, and Judas Iscariot, the one who betrayed him.” (Mt 10:4)
“But Saul, also known as Paul, filled with the Holy Spirit, looked intently at him.” (Acts 13:9)
“The whole assembly kept silence, and listened to Barnabas and Paul as they told of all the signs and wonders that God had done through them among the Gentiles.” (Acts 15:12)
“But Paul and Barnabas remained in Antioch, and there, with many others, they taught and proclaimed the word of the Lord.” (Acts 15:35)
“When the angels had left them and gone into heaven, the shepherds said to one another, ‘Let us go now to Bethlehem and see this thing that has taken place, which the Lord has made known to us.’” (Lk 2:15)
“But the angel said to him, ‘Do not be afraid, Zechariah, for your prayer has been heard. Your wife Elizabeth will bear you a son, and you will name him John.” (Lk 1:13)
“He said to them, ‘But who do you say that I am?’ Peter answered, ‘The Messiah of God.’” (Lk 9:20)
“But he answered, ‘It is written, “One does not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes from the mouth of God.” ’” (Mt 4:4)
“Your kingdom come. Your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven.” (Mt 6:10)
“And he said to them, ‘Follow me, and I will make you fish for people.’” (Mt 4:19)
“As Jesus was walking along, he saw a man called Matthew sitting at the tax booth; and he said to him, ‘Follow me.’ And he got up and followed him.” (Mt 9:9)
“And whenever you pray, do not be like the hypocrites; for they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and at the street corners, so that they may be seen by others. Truly I tell you, they have received their reward.” (Mt 6:5)
“Now on that same day two of them were going to a village called Emmaus, about seven miles from Jerusalem,” (Lk 24:13)
“There is a boy here who has five barley loaves and two fish. But what are they among so many people?” (Jn 6:9)
“Again, the devil took him to a very high mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the world and their splendour;” (Mt 4:8)
“Six days later, Jesus took with him Peter and James and his brother John and led them up a high mountain, by themselves.” (Mt17:1)
“What do you think? If a shepherd has a hundred sheep, and one of them has gone astray, does he not leave the ninety-nine on the mountains and go in search of the one that went astray?” (Mt 18:12)
“On entering the house, they saw the child with Mary his mother; and they knelt down and paid him homage. Then, opening their treasure-chests, they offered him gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh.” (Mt 2:11)
“Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.” (Mt 5:3)
end
